Kid Demiurge (مدبر جوان), 
The first part of “An Anon’s Romance”, a trilogy;



بسم الله الرحمن الرحيم

“‘In the Name of God, the Lord of Mercy, the Giver of Mercy!’

Muqaddamah

	…Thus does the Phrase append the Subject from Itself; surely will this move ordain to elaborate Its Attributes… 

	So unfolds the Word, the Tome of the Preserved Tablet. From the mysterious Subject issues forth Its Name; it is His very Entity in utter definition. His definition’s first generations shall resound sonorous as Himself in twofold Mercy: an accommodation for His Action, a sanctuary for His Substantiation. So the Phrase seems to reside at the head of the unseen Tablet, also does it seem to presuppose the Subsections of every ink’d Entry…

	The Other outside Him holds firmly its Lariat around the substantial Cause, of God. Rapturous is Thanks singed from the Rope in due proportion for His Providence of Essence, its tensing sound the flexing of their fibers; it may only latch onto Him, its fringes gilt as serpents of varied-length scales and  worms eating the supports of the Beloved (Surat Saba). Its sounding sinews form the liturgy for formal Gratitude with Return expected, the catechism for Remembrance practiced outside the realm of kinetic energy, in the recesses of Others’ knowledge. From their diligent undulations the Worlds were contrived, : the angels, the Jinn, Mankind (the malevolent among them taken dashed up to the next on hawsers of coarse fibers), Beasts with names, and. of the Oases amongst the Deserts and the Mountains. Torus and helix

	The Action lifts its Consequences out of their threefold darkness, and the Substantiation brings their potentials into full flower, ready for their rapture with restorative Beauty; they are surely the archetype of cyclical Repetition, the Generator of the precise Moment’s travel toward the downstream Hereafter… they are the flint and steel which spark the many-faceted Light, the slate sapphire afront the diadem of (endless)-spectrum’d Malakut, all agleam with allusion, contrasted against the Veils’ wefted warps woven of its austere Wearer… select among their Prime Pith may trade kingdom for belief, may take his dearest across that Isthmus for their Reunion on the other side, though under the ulterior of an esteemed Reward, a green Garden with much non-resembling Sustenance and many a fair Concubine:

	We insist upon some Signs for our proper passage, however great a Plotter Thou may be… we are the Object after all, are we not? Iblis was sent to endless wander at our expense, didst Thou not make him? At the issuance of this vaunted request, our Senses mold themselves on what they can glean from Thy Mirror. We implore of Thee, however indirectly, to the utmost Spirit found in our hearts… He is not just , he is Thine, the only worthy Object. After all, the blade-breadth Path is upon us, with the end of the Day to cross the balance against our own inner Light into moonless Night, bereft of Thy Signs we . Thy Path is our intermediate Object

	As Thanks is Thine, so this day’s Derivation is for Gházy Loon, an undefined composer, in rhapsody: I shall find mine own Essence between the Your twin Conjunctions, panels twain-carved which emblazon our actions and those who shine their visages, activate their Appendages with Thy proscribed ablution to shine themselves across thy path; Thus shall I wait upon Thy path, I of potential exception; between Enrapturement and the  perhaps … shall this epitaph adorn the sword-tip of my dominion-Conqueror as he seizes this oriental World from the occident of that Other for their Olives of ambivalent Origin, while undefined shall my Composition (fold) into the fading wawayn until the Ink runs out of my Pen!

	Ya Beni Adam, My Submission, though more a Divestiture to my most Trusted, must find a Model in my favorite Prophets and Seers of Old, deliverance to safety from God be upon them all [salvation of Ghazil in Pakistan]), and to ripen in their tales’ remembrance: 
 
	of Idris, the humble recipient of over fifty godly scriptures and learner of over seventy languages… at a  of heaven, angels descended to , that of death  at his Lord’s request; 

	of Hud, the pride of his dear mother warned its giant men of the  excoriate their lofty buildings off the terraces of once-merry Arabia, never to be found in ruin or in the histories to come, except its scolding one;

	of Lut, 

	of Yusuf, who was gifted a cloak of many colors, the end of Exodus and a whole  chapter in two of the holy books, and who rebuffed lust’s advances to  more of his beauty, longingly extolled by many fellow mortals

	of Khidr, who served as the master for that wall-flower Musa in his wanderings, explaining his preemptive slaying of youth’s scornful shoot as he showed the young man tablets wrought from an ancient vein of emerald in the desert, their parables paired with acts of preemption and rectification

	of Sulayman, chider of the accursed Harut and Marut, who first made their temples’ (sigil) raise their hands to the morning star, who made fair Balqis of Sheba come to his courts 

	and of perchance another watcher or several from among the Aryans in between the Seal and its Signet-Place, an attentive listen to the music of the trees and forests from the steppe which his people occupied, one which rent wars of light from the yawning darkness in creatures great and small, after the wanders of Ibrahim were summoning that Intimate and his line to the Caliphate’s throne… peace and blessings be upon the aforementioned all.

	Ay Iran, As our central imperative lies between our two salutes to You and the two qualifiers to your Path in your Book’s very Opening, so does my fate exist in the romances of your land’s East and its West… prophets and saints as my intercessors, rugged heroes and fated sovereigns as my examples in this land, ihsan skimmed from the fount of iman.
	I have descended from my metallic, fire-powered phoenix in the sky as had the sage-haired one from his caretaker to the land of the Pishdadian shahs and his champions:	Hail Zal, who found his life’s jewel in fair Rudabeh, storming ramparts of sandstone and ivory in tiptoe-silence for their unsanctioned rendezvous. pilgriming East toward the torrents of Turan upon mere reports of the riches enjoyed by reviled Zahhak’s descendants, in homage for the time to their nobler lords… Rostam, their fruit and the nation’s epic hero, travailed though seven labors to stand the length of his legend. (comedy)
	Hail Khosrow, who made into his obsession demure Shirin, who took the sinews of his mighty heart between her needles and wove them westward into delicate Armenian laces. As Maurice fell through Phocas’ treachery and that emperor came to address his (tyranny). His previous son proved lustful and vindictive, spoiled in Ctesiphon The virtuous companions of Thy  and stamp Muhammad, peace be upon them all and blessings also upon him, from , seized the buffer between them asunder with heavenly mandate to reflect the nur of the All-Knower to all mankind, pressed from the (stock) of the previous warners, land upon land. (tragedy to comedy)
	So as two , shall these wawayn 
	(As this is the muqaddamah for my subsequent Action, so this begins this wasiah as well for my time. If my end meets me in this ancient land and (it comes not from the result of my own caprice, may my sympathizers pelt my coffin with (lopsided) chrysanthemums until they be reminded I exist no more, and that the opacity of casket and its draped standard are all that are left to define me) I shall now endeavor to apportion my meager effects as is the custom, and browse my thirty-five paradises in their earthly models, if God Almighty wills…) [this needs to be transformed into a quatrain of Shahnameh-like verse]”

I

	The sun’s regal spectrum was dolloped upon a lone basker’s rooftop as it seeped into Araxes’ yonder canyons. Only the nacre atop his borrowed bureau returned its yellows, glimmering in farewell from inlaid hexafoil daisies; their spray-like turquoise melded into the sudden glint sparked afloat irises of quartz-submerged musk. Those blooms startled Gházil to the sunset as its longer (slower?) colors enlivened the terra-cotta beneath him to a tepid fuchsia. Then, textures he had not beheld for nights on end overcame his vision like comely scents do when freed from their () bottles fallen off one’s vanity. Florid swashes issued from his hand upon the waiting parchment, twined broad and tortuous as the rose petals wrapping round their stem in the cobalt Murano decanter right of it, and (murky) as the consequences of their thorns. He had been signing his last testament, just now being completed with the usual preface, pressing his handmade quill into a sparse inkwell after every pensive stroke as he did so. Appropriately as well it seemed, since their ink’s short capillaries were lightly dying the adjacent fibers around them in the paper, emphasizing the work’s solemnity all the more, as if the writing had bled from the murky ages to (tarnish) their utmost surface… so, his will had finally been written. To cite from such an extensive tradition, typing of any configuration simply could not do; mechanical clacking did the letters’ substance no justice whatsoever anyway… His digits wished to feel the pressure of the nib and the friction of a handmade quill, not some key’s conveyance to external sensors anymore! From where had he even obtained such stationery in the first place… the matter (wafted) past his mind as he entrenched his focus into the veneered surface opposite him, obliterating the world outside his patio; it was quite natural to abscond toward such a flaxen-fibered field from their perturbances, with ring upon ring of Honduran mahogany to trace their spans alongside the wrinkles and thin hair on his hands. They gave broad, evergreen form to the curved shelves overlooking them, grown into being by a series of auspicious years on end. The denizens of such times must have been the ones who left their trinkets in its secret compartments, a magnifying glass set in the carapace of a (brass) crab here, a polished sandstone letter opener in the form of a double-edged dagger there… a bundle of ballpoints in the pen compartment, a series of long leather-bound ledgers marking transactions long completed and stowed away for long-gone days of audit. Maybe , no mind, “(Agha Omid Farrokhzad)” read the gargoyle’s name, which was patiently carved upon a stout (name-tag) hewn from teakwood  from somewhere on the Deccan he had found in its bottom drawer, an esteemed doctor of international affairs from before; at least, that was what his hosts and his patrons had said, the siblings (Parviz) and (Nura which both bore his name, while he stayed in the city, and what previous kingdoms’ annals had suggested upon further analysis… instead of being broken down to kindling for the (coming fire), maybe this fine piece of (furniture) would be spared at the end of it all, when its craftily-applied stains could crackle in tessellated ruptures among the rest of the refuse in chaos’ burn-pile (inadequacy as kindling for Ghazali’s light, contrast with couches being kindling for leisure). Gházil couldn’t bring it to mind that moment, each of them having their time in his story; he preferred to see the fire in its finer forms for that which was present.
	In this light, he could not tell the tiger-maple marquetry from the gold trim on his bureau’s burgundy writing-felt, making Gházil feel hunger for the () he sampled from his travels a moon ago. From recalling that time’s probing the heavens, he came to realize that all kinds of orbs were glowing in his own realm which could not be diminished by any distant star or satellite… they shone upon this diorama in a sublime hierarchy of emanation: from below his arm, lumps of Omani frankincense in a tin dispenser marked the passage of his concluding ritual, flaring up slightly with every gust he exhaled from his nose upon them, their core a silent ember when he tapped off the ashes; aside them, an amethyst candleholder cast its cool translucence off the surface’s polyurethaned phloem, slowing its flame’s lulling tongue; a (floor) lamp he stood next to his study on an odd whim drew a constant throb from its off-white tungsten. As if ignited by the breaths of unheard whispers outside, a loud citrine shard pulsated with every bit of information coming from his benefactors’ wireless router, thanks to a wire of state-of-the-art fiber optic cable plugged to an outdoor outlet. He (concluded) that it was humming from decoding the visit of virtual admirers (and mockers), those who came to witness and pay their respects for the (coming ceremony), since it flitted as () as the lull of conversation outside the glass. The router lit its own way for his laptop which glowed its shells’ contents upon the corner of his mattress; it was the one consulting force on his porch he could truly not ignore, a whole Cartesian matrix of liquid crystal reaching him from the computer screen in its own warm gamut… the diodes arranged inside it formed a scrolling tapestry of words and portals which re-signified their purposes with every click of the cursor, gawking at their machinations being an idle habit which he had tried to avoid throughout his stay here, as their use would come sooner than he’d liked; this was his unspoken portal to the sites which had hosted every brooding-place of his formative years. He rose against this former distraction and closed it shut for now, as it brought the notice of others’ eyes, an obtrusive series of kibitzers in his process from around the entire globe, from inside or outside it. These were the wrong set of eyes for him for now, the wrong screen for his attentions… he had not drawn the former to his proper (machinations) yet. First, his heart needed to find the reciprocation of its own primordial desire, a gentle reflection of its own spark. It needed to fire off where those others could see… the show could hardly await its unveiling! 
	My, did his back ache from sitting so fixed the past hours! The main bed he had brought up to his open-air quarters drew forth his peripheral, temptations to be ignored: a divan stuffed with swan-feathers, its back and footrest high and arching to protect any dozer; this was too obvious a ruse for his resting… he had even thought of keeling back in a catnap onto the Kashan rug right of him to break the midnight vigil, to no avail. At one point, wild beasts and their mounted hunters trundled their own path across this land’s tapestries, reflecting the vitality of the nomads which once galloped to (Babylon) from their Median hills, textiles without counterpart in their , with more furious than even they reduced to flowers and paisleys … still on a promontory of his own request over the unfolding of the patterns below, he traced his feet around its medallion’s corners, sage in confirmation that breadth was still a property he still possessed along his fate’s vector, sighing to its plane’s height as he ascertained the mercy of its unseen geometer. As if in concert with this consternation, twin bronze simurghs screeched silently at him from the balcony when he twisted to peer at them, the support of their cast-iron wings extending from view around the entire perimeter of the villa and separated from Gházil’s memory by a patterned Moroccan screen; the latter served as his sutrah between his patio’s tranquility around him and those whirling tendrils thriving in the perspiring shade of the thick wall between them, of youth exultant. Behind their bannisters, quasi-Georgian windows had been open for him to a reception party of some sort in full swing, with all its guests clumping around their other featured friends who had been summoned for the occasion in secret; to no avail could any opposition try to spoil this spectacle, as the property’s perimeters were guarded from the curious by thick brick walls and unarmed security guards. Per his custom, Gházil paced a counterclockwise circuit around his seeking-place for goodness. It was demarcated by (three groups) of polished granite columns and his resting-place was covered by an open lattice slightly bent by the weight of its wisteria, and  urns with hydrangeas gave substance to their share of the city’s canopy, giving life to this assortment of depictions.
	Heavens, he had hardly paid mind to the sky as he slept and wrote, while the daylight tainted his ceiling turquoise with city-side; no need, the lights and likeness of them from his level shone out their own libation! That towering eventuality would have its own role to play before dawn, as it had already, not so long before… let’s not even allow that tangent manifest upon us, begone! The mind must work in utmost purity for the objective and mourn for the state that flourished eons ago… his revelers had no such need for abasement, it seemed, for from the patio below the veranda on his house’s northward side, any sensibilities shared seemed to be exhaled in careless draughts from their water-pipes and diffused into the scant front of smog from the ugly south, never to evoke the righteous ire of any of the jaded passerby. Oh, oh, how he hated the () dust, that of lethargy… no matter, at long last, it wouldn't be so for very much longer. That dreaded scourge hung thick upon his vantage, as far as the eye could discern, be it on the dilapidated yard in front of him or the creaking exhibits from the natural science exhibit on the other vale… especially upon the muted fellowship of these beautiful ones beneath him did it travel, ineffectually past the first story to the the wispy clouds, further hiding the vestiges of their long-worn rebellion under the summer night’s street-lit shroud. That sky above the city, how it encased them all in its dispatches, like a real-time simulation which could load only so many polygons in one frame; no wonder, then, that those young felt so encased in its gridlocked matrix, that all mankind, even among its finer iterations, could no longer listen to the planetary music and observe the houses of the stars beyond half-hearted glances at their assumptions written for a few cents an hour by some blog’s ghostwriter… his generous starlets, gracious for any respite, were thrown down to their own devices here, in the land of the extinguished lion; here, the shine of their ceiling lights on matte prints of their culture’s bright old luminaries sufficed as their mumbled Polaris. In a rare and sudden spell of empathy, Gházil’s breast constricted into himself as their self-awareness illuminated him like the stage of a fading pulsar, inaccessible once more from the rest of the world until it met its circuit once more… (he reluctantly takes the necessary condescension needed for a gnostic)
* * *
	Because the sigil of God’s daytime sign had long (dropped) out of view, he began to set his sights on his obligations, to which all faithful harken as commanded. He had been awake for long enough that his ablutions for nightfall from the day before remained intact. Nevertheless, he had to wash his face for the other preparation, but that was to come after the higher one. After acquiescing to his body’s entreaty after a while and stretching himself over the rug’s moderate pile, Gházil looked away from that slight-indigo vault so diminished by Tehran’s smoldering intrigues, righting himself from them again to dress his part. Doing so served to orientate him into the direction he had known must be taken for years, during which he rose to meet the distant horizon at long last. Even in witnessing the dense swirl of people, he raised his brow in a superficial recognition that they and he were all a handful of iron filings on the floor of the Forger’s workshop, settling into their own respective concentricities around him in witness to the veneration inside them, that directive ordering them to remember their axis of pining, which could be stashed for some away on sheets of long-forgotten paper in their dressers or put in dusty bureaus for others. The figurehead didn’t matter, as long as the concept persisted… that which faced it belonged to the rich pile which polished his feet on the ground, either in fixed sight of it as one kowtowed, or in contact with it at the humblest level in supplication. No matter, it was time to engage in meditation over that brawny Craftsman Himself. The cool mountain air effused from His original breath as he made his sunset prayers… His intention of keeping the screen as his separator kept him from becoming ensconced once more in the rug’s intricacies beneath him and from being blown to ramble once more upon the cool current lulling the mountain (flora) east of him. The crown of all seven abased surfaces was awakened and each spoke their own subhan to the only direction which mattered, toward his holy lands. From all vantages, the (unspoken) priests of Iran’s  had made their final pilgrimage to this greater house; Gházil exulted in being the center of His house for tonight, for this one time which would certainly last ages after he drifted away. 
	After greeting his two angels to conclude the third prostration of maghreb, it had just occurred to him that aside from his Creator, he had been actually addressing himself; again, no matter, as the others would fight their way up to their cloistered visitor, and all his silence would be broken as it had with  before; he would practice his expert skill in assaying their (reluctant) audience and fending them away until he stood ready to receive them, silent for his duty in the next dissipating hours. He had almost forgot his flesh and bones existed amidst the skeleton of his words, clotted off the scratchings of his forefathers’ omens. Gházil ran his hands down his alpine jaw on reflex to probe the remains of his beard, making sure there was none for the time being. He needed to ape the neophyte for this appearance, as that was an indispensable part of the performance, its (later) iconography. His face had to (run) smooth for his rind-zested pistachio paint to be applied over it somehow, sleek as well-done papier-mâché. His cheeks were rounded fillets of freshly-dressed (flounder) which lay (for sale) upon his jawbones; they stood perfectly ready to be painted in green. They seated naturally (pouting lips) between them upon a dimpled chin, cradling them in an (exuberant) embrace. Great care needed be taken in staving this thick trim away from them, ferrous as sandstone in contrast from their ripening in canola oil, every dead sheet of skin peeled to reveal the fresh flesh under it. From the lowest drawer on the bureau, he removed the set of calf’s horns he would wear in masquerade to confuse any quick charades the guests may have concluded. The fine narrowing keratin had carved into them delicate spirals… He also had a hoplite’s mask to go with this menagerie; it was made of finely-hammered brass to complement those of the masquerade below, its serpentine designs refracting along the toilet water. A black damask cloak with swirling tufts of goldenrod its accents swished shear about his torso to the (blue shirt below) as he draped it over his shoulders, flowing (cobalt-laced) obsidian as it fizzled into an infant island around his figure upon the (sea-floor) tile. He drew the cloak over himself, ambling toward his porch’s railing with deadened steps like a mandarin in characteristic deliberation, replaying the nightfall’s edicts, the house’s environs their backdrop.
	Gházil’s vantage was fixed off an expansive villa in Darabad, an outlier of northern Tehran’s Niavaran neighborhood, upon which the Alborz foothills carried its privileged away from the smog and the aridity of the plebeian southern districts, into a reverie of walled gardens and (conceited) profiles. Embassies from many nations insisted upon it as their missions’ location; instead now of being shown to the now-public Qajar gardens by those viziers whose avariciousness had sullied their far vauntier titles, these partakers of Persia’s riches were heard now in the hovels of the pious, laundered under the generosity of their charities. The shahs themselves used to retreat there, be the sojourn from ennui or insurrection, leaving their palace complex still open to a gawking public in their latest escape, its well-manicured trees of which Gházil could make out south of him among the concrete jumble. Away from the bustle of (Valiasr) street, one could watch this most influential public act its sordid melodrama out in near-complete liberty as a whole: Ice cream stores and cafes showed their sherbet colors among the marble, filled with customers hardly appreciative of its pistachio-tinted sugars, while the (newer) contemporary alloys chosen by the town’s architects jostled for legitimacy in its streets, buildings of no pedigree barely born from the the eddies of sand issuing from fenced-in construction sites which broke the scene’s continuity. Cabriolets and convertibles of all the European makes cruised its (roundabouts), boulevards for (self-indulgence) where no Peykans dared to venture, with its sumptuous strollers yawning for another day to end. The members of its tertiary sector were thronging toward the rush-hour traffic, window washers, caretakers, and office workers who went back to their backwashes in the southern districts after coming for their daily taste. Darabad lay inside the outermost of Niavaran’s draws into the mountains, giving Gházil a unique tri view around the trails toward the peaks,  . He noticed as the district’s old (aristocrats) began to descend from its trailhead in anticipation of closing time, having no need to sleep for the day ahead, perhaps frequenting its juice bar for () smoothies and gawking at the parakeets in the pet shop on the way down. He was already intimately acquainted with the trails’ routes, every garden and campground. and the from its natural history museum. As he turned again toward the qiblah southeast of him, he took in the streets leading from Jamshidiyeh Park.
	It was almost too easy for Gházil to imagine Iran as half the whole world, surrounded by limestone walls from this view, the crucible of regal Jamshid himself as he discovered the crafts of world to beautify its buried bounties and their devoted professions; however, he couldn’t help but imagine the far greater green which lay beyond the Alborz adjacent him, all the way to the distant shore. Going up these abrupt slopes took hours of hiking through the various trails, from Darabad’s beginnings a stone throw from him and from Nilovar’s to the west. Iced and intimate waterfalls whose corbeled ledges rivaled even the finest vaultings of Golestan Palace’s mirrored muqarnas when winter came. Beyond those mountains lay Hyrcania, the last holdout of the fallen fire-worshippers, barely past the known world’s outposts, where gnat-driven Io hadn’t dared to run, hardly mentioned by even a (wandering from tangent to tangent by those like) Herodotus… One who had actually perused the charred remains of the great satraps’ dusty records could recall the prevalence of its irrigation canals, cut before their makers’ ability to even write their own annals descended full of melted snowfall as the sluggish underground (rivers) down to their thirsty countrymen in the provinces. Off the trails, the open spaces gradually gave way to hamlets which were built according to the flow of these life-givers Tundra swans would arrive there a few months after him to the ponds natural and obscurely artificial, their ivory necks undulating in rhythm to every swell of the Caspian Sea, aflight on the lovers’ wind, that pleasant (gale) which fluttered the leaves of the beeches and the oaks, fanning (sunlight) off the flecks of beryl from their branches in this time of the year, until it died in rich (emerald) smolders of burnished carpet of moss below upon rock made pink by the sunset, with (fluffy) tufts of (tangerine-colored) mites as confectioneries . Saghanefar abounded on the ridges above, full of peasants ready to read the signs of their forefathers and accommodate the slayer of the , as they had done in times past… 
* * *
	“It’s about time to come downstairs, azizam; the guests are wondering why you aren’t with them yet,” a gentle voice (poked) through the slats of the screen, a southern wind most agreeable… pheromones’ rapid entry into Gházil’s made his heart race fuller, since they anointed the sound of his darling, the one he had prepared since before his arrival. “I have just fulfilled my requirements for the sunset,” Gházil responded in anticipation of her obvious entreaty to be nearer to him. “Go ahead and get your attendants ready as I put on the rest of my costume.” The new stimulus at his side came from a tall, slender figure whose voice had come more reedy and quiet than he had remembered from their audio chat; it was a hushed voice, an errant signal bounced to him from space that hadn’t found the resolve to (circle) any resounding vessel catching it in quite some time. The young man’s next obligation suddenly fastened its (idea) into his travel through their timeline, one of the merging of two nations, two complimentary natures amidst his general derision to the rest of the scene. A long and slender frame conveyed her Lurish descent, as well as the forthright nature of her interactions with him; one could also surmise it from her almond visage and its sharp tolerances, its every carat smoothed with an adze most moved, though they held stark contrast, ashen for the moment under the pall of an all-night vigil. From her place behind his screen, she could feel the reflection of his face’s odd light amidst the diffracting old day. “Perhaps you need a companion while you prepare for tonight,” she started after stuttering (according to) her nature; the slight underbite of her prominent teeth amplified her desire to receive , while her long, while the coming dusk construed her thin turnless hair as a  veil
	Gházil drew closer to ward off the screen’s thinly-veiled secrets. “Away for now, remember that the Accursed is our third the moment you breach my quarters alone.” He had drawn back as she made meekly to flank their obstacle. “Stay within eyeshot of your attendants and out of my sight for now, and without a mahram like we agreed; it’s unsightly that I see my beloved ill-prepared, in any state.” She sighed audibly, further dispersing her essence through to his side; she wanted to see for the last time if he would break free of formality as her past admirers had, but something kept this one back from her creed’s final betrayal. “Very well,” she relented… “When can I be near you again? I want to be together as we should be, among the joy and the party and in view of the others.” Gházil felt pity for a minute, as their union would be the final step for the true unfolding of both of their lives, which had been obstructed thus far by themselves and the designs of those (above them). “Don’t worry, we will have plenty of time in the limelight, for all your friends to see,” he said while she thought of what to say, which she did: “You sent such beautiful messages to me, like no one else  before. You told me that I laid you in a field of waxing daffodils. We talked of you staying here, and even marriage, as absurd as that sounds once I air it out in front of you.” “You are the vessel of my affections now, and you will be for the rest of my days. You and I have some traits alike, but I delight in your differences” “Never have I been so certain to pair with someone, Parsa. ” “After your performance, where will we go, Gházil? ” “We should confirm the blessing of your parents, according to your tradition. Return to your house in Arak by tomorrow morning, and God willing, I will come to meet you there so we can discuss the future.” Not even the night could hide her longing gaze, its glitter “If the Creator ordains such a wonderful union as ours, I will reveal things about myself to you which no one else has known thus far, things which the whole world may clamor to know soon.” Parsa seemed unconcerned in comprehending the intents of her  as love’s   “Splendid, then we can be in each other’s embrace and never break it again…”
	Gházil rose from his seat at the thought of such an embrace. For the first time, he realized he would finally get closer to a fair compliment in this world. The control they had toward each other was gradually unravelling, and Parsa grasped the final barrier between the two as they both swooned toward each other. Something fired in Gházil’s absent consciousness upon noticing the henna wrapped around the spring-shoot joints on her slender index and pinky fingers; she had left it setting on them in her haste to beseech him come down, after it had been applied by (eight) other seats of her attendants hands, all staring a story below her for this very occasion. The () boy had remembered he needed a final stroke to his own testament, and that it would not suffice to come from his own self; it needed a companion’s doing. This smudgy resin was not sin besmirching his powdered mind, but urgent need for the inky mass itself transferring across his digits. he rolled it across his fingertips until its entire mass was exhausted upon them and glanced no more in her direction, returning to his study for the last time to finish his business there. He had been thinking of which stamp would be the most convincing to the world outside as to indicate the identity of its sealer, and those would be his own (biometric data). Keeping his previous (times he’d done this) in mind, he carefully rolled his index print across the bottom quarter of his will, as he had been taught before long ago. Middle finger followed, then the other two like those he witnessed of his beloved. He blew on all four so he could finish with his thumb, the last of the default prints. Having left behind the last of what (was necessary), he finally assented to his beloved’s (original) request.
* * *
	Parsa was whisked away to her private quarters by her waiting attendants for her final dressing. Most of them were her classmates from university, chosen by his betrothed as her closest confidants. They whispered in baited breath about her choice for a suitor, this rootless chameleon who had been dropped off by a gypsy cab on their venue’s doorstep only a week prior, for he had approached them and solicited their services with indifferent air, as if this was a duty that he performed for some higher purpose; regardless, the force had met its petrifying amber, and fate would run its course. Parsa’s () evening gown was fitted upon her own frame by their diligent hands, . Gházil had chosen an appropriate maiden for his affections indeed, for any impetuousness from her former days had matured with age and constant study; her hidden modesty polished by his () admiration proved a glowing () for the fastidious (nature) within, and she was lauded by all her students for her modesty and by all who had the fortune to engage her in conversation. In celebration of this momentous day, Parsa’s attendants then draped sashes of various satins about her sharp shoulders, so fine that they studded the stiffness in that finely-carved ivory which acted as her collarbones. Such ornamentation lay in view upon Gházil’s beloved that it seemed another nonexistent time when their paths crossed once more in the villa’s upper sitting room. 
	Admirer and admired, Gházil and Parsa made their way to the central foyer of the villa, where the ornamented staircase would lead them down to their reception. The length of the hallway let Parsa’s trains (drag) far behind her, a (cloak)  to mingle with her (chador); her maids hemmed and hawed over the , for they had not witnessed such a wedding often among their peers, much less any public form of matrimony, however informal it may have been. Her head was bedecked with so many jewels that dapples of light cast off her from the recessed lighting into the hallway’s dark recesses, exciting the (silver-leaf) shellac in its glossy wainscoting against its darker counterpart. Gházil had spent such a long retirement under the stars and the planets that he had not fully appreciated the expanse of the lodgings across the door from his lodgings. With a mere leap onto their dining-table and a few sweet-pitched overtures, the opulent had lowered their steel gates to receive this strange new expression of vindication for their existences. The couple walked through the slightly dusted in , since their hosts did not often entertain guests for celebrations of such a size. Columns with wanton capitals flanked the grand staircase, ones which pointed only to  rather than lofty propriety, and their enamel paint reflected the flashing of the  in the party below, with blinking shards of its own. 
	“There are the guests of the hour now,” exclaimed Parviz Farrokhzad’s voice with an endearingly svelte accent, enunciating in English one could tell had been trained into the speaker by only the most open-minded children of Europe. A well-placed tap on his (wine-glass) rendered the lower rooms silent, save their guest’s accessories’ tinkling. “Our headliner tonight, this is Gházy Loon, with his (woman) in tow, and look how they sparkle for our show!” A lone flash from the only camera allowed in this secretive gala flashed, momentarily reflecting all the diamond in the ladies’ ears and the intoxicating beverages on the crystal shelves inside the wet bar. All the heads turned immediately to the foyer. “After much ado, this celebration will finally be under way!” His sister looked on approvingly after saying so, elated that such a remotely improvised affair could come together so well in the view of the city’s high society. “What we have seen from him captivated us so much, we have actually expedited the second annual  forward its original date so he may grace us with his performance. We had the privilege and honor to meet this nightingale on our recent vacation — I won’t bore you further with the details, you’ve already seen on our story feed — from the , the , his voice carried across the  and into the hearts of everyone who had the privilege of listening; … he shall be the first act for the night, and our first live act at that; the rest of the performers shall meet us at the venue. We shall leave at eleven-thirty from here over to Pardis, to the hidden place in the mountains; which takes about forty-five minutes by car since the train terminal was never built there, so finish any remaining arrangements in the next few hours; from there, valets will park your cars and hired drivers will take us. If you need the scan-code for the event chat server, let one of us know once you receive your phone from the door…” Some of their hands reflexively felt their back pockets, as their realtime sources for information like this had been confiscated as they entered to . “After him, our in-house DJ will complete his amazing trance set and our other guest DJs will make their appearances. I’d like to thank all the other auxiliary acts which shall, and all the vendors from Pardis showing their crafts to make this a truly multimedia affair. I last beseech you to pay these vendors and give a little tip to our event staff and security, for they were good enough to make the long trip from Lavasan and all the way around the back roads behind Latyan Dam to avoid the police checkpoints so they could transport all our gear, which has been safely delivered… let’s hear it for another magical night in Tehran!” Polite but eager applause pulsed through the salon, (tinny) at first in compliance with their hosts’ wishes, then swelling into (validation) when Gházil’s beaming cheeks caught the mirth of their propriety in his (magnanimous) smile. 
	(Ghazils traits) Parsa’s countenance shimmered in her own perfected pose… These two were a couple for the ages, they just made the party! Once the photographer finished with his work, not a single social media group in Tehran would be deprived of their (depiction)… 

II

	The city had a new pair , its guests had a new mode for exuberance… as their clamor dissipated, the DJ along with his MIDI player from the Iranshahr Gallery downtown accounted the decrease of their clamor while (transferring) their ambient (noise) into the steady rhythm found on his Pioneer DDJ-SR’s left platter, cued with a track for this very occasion. It was time for the partygoers in the main room to break their focus on the event’s (luminaries) and focus on what they felt for themselves. With the mood of the room turning far more pensive, (Nullsight’s) novel light displays began to diverge into vertical blinking strips, slicing the room into planes of wary downcast eyes and swashes of muted (fabric), then flipped vertical to scan the crowd like some () barcode. The  traveling over the sixteen drum machine pads marked their strident time in Darabad . Some brave boys , with fresh fades as clearly delineated as the difference between exposed accented hair and hidden contemplation, made their way to the empty space in front of the DJ and (bopped) () to the deep house music, moving slower than usual to reinforce the steps of their choreography they learned from Youtube. An intensely flanging bass line began to make its four-on-the-floor (beat) to  of choirs with near-pure sinewave registers . These several hundred youth began to sway to the solemnity from the building requiem for their , the acid from the drum machine somewhat  their bodies. ([ceremony] -> 
	Two friends among the crowd had decided to remain off the dance floor and . For (Asif), the set’s hissing cymbals shrilled annoyingly into his ears, so he took (Farhad) aside into an alcove under the stairs and in the lee of the massive speakers. Asif looked ; however, he didn't want Farhad to deem him ungrateful to his latest diversion, so he merely grimaced to himself . He had missed a  so that he could find someone to cohabit with for a few hours or the night, but tonight seemed too stolid an affair to hunt while the show was still rolling; in any case, these girls seemed too full of themselves to him, though he relented that this made them easier prey, no matter how much they may emulate their performances on the floor with him. Farhad sat in silent understanding of his friend. He hardly knew any of these people either, with a friend of his from university being the one who actually invited him there because he had tutored him in English for a few extra hours free of charge. (Asif exposition) (F-A) || 2 intruders)
	“Look at those knuckleheads out there, I can tell they’re trying to copy , and I don't even watch it…” The two friends cut up slightly at the thought of such an ironic . “If they think they look cool doing that, . I wonder where the days went where you went out there yourself and staked your own claim with your own (ideas). A phone stops everyone from acting naturally now, even when they want to look like they’re having fun.” “Besides, there’s not much to dance for anyway. You know our damn rent got raised again?” “It’s those vulture bastards trying to pin it on inflation . I’m lucky I got the teaching position I did. I don't really enjoy teaching young kids, but ” “Trades would be nice, but everybody and their mother’s becoming an engineer and buggering off to Dubai to clean up their gold-plated sewers anyway. Not to mention all the Afghans getting let in here to do what halfway-qualified jobs we could do with manual labor” “And now . It may good to be on the side of these posh cunts, they’ve obviously found the right allies in the bonyad, given all those bust-ups that happened right across the  in  a few weeks ago.” “Honestly, I gotta agree with you. Parviz’s friend in the (British) embassy has been talking allotments , I heard about that when I was with him on lunch break once…” Their intimate conversation shut up again at the station . ertbegr . 
	In the meantime, several of Asif and Farhad’s other acquaintances had gathered round their couch in makeshift council; those engaged in the present discussion had chosen to sit this vain matrimony out. The next DJ’s taste seemed not to favor the steel-edged somberness  favored, but rather decided to shift toward more innocent synths, those (vacuum-tube) Moogs and clavs seen at the end of their mystical age, to a B-side (Star Dance), the type a free man would have watched long ago, forty whole years too close to the day on Rang-a-Rang, accompanied by the same tired woman constant in her central third of the screen, long dress, whirling long hair and uninspired, (cringy) disco dancing… blast it, no matter from which side, be it from hushed whispers and silly syllogisms from their parents about the good old days’ death at their pawns’ hands, always with the intonation of those sacred words “ghabil-e-enghelab”, or from the layers upon layers of charcoal black, green, red, and yellow, and corporate identity which never really left its founding era that their masters pasted on every billboard and wall mural to blot out the faded film rainbow, they were reminded daily of how lost they were, the dissonance was getting to great… “What are you all dreaming of this fine night?” asked Farhad, his inquiry tainted slightly maudlin in tune with the set’s sudden diversion to a legacy (minor scale) [Farhad has no real inner monologue] The crowd clamored to answer each other, though they eagerly and politely waited their turn with the air of comrades in the senior class who knew their graduation time was drawing near. “I dream that ” “As for me, ” “I want the beat to be that much sicker, and without using a VPN to ” “,” Asif suddenly cut in. “Perhaps it is time to listen to the actions of our heroes. [Asif takes the nationalist angle of his wrestling school]” Snorting giggles circulated around Asif cast a quizzical glance toward the  “Speak of the devil… did you hear anything about this singer bloke from them?” “” “Something doesn’t add up. He looks the most (flamboyant) of them all, yet they hail him like a little dignitary, though he’s just a minor jester for this whole shitshow…” he put on his strongman act, which often gave him command over his room’s corner in most effete engagements. “Give me two seconds with him on the training floor, he’s the type who’d be begging for mercy from an arm pin” With his biceps’ sinews tensing visibly in anticipation for this (light-hearted fantasy), the young men had no doubt “Weird wardrobe too… seems like he decided to raid some  old caravan instead of , he’s too aloof and (faggy) for that” “Eh, who knows… . And quite the looker he chose out of the whole lot too,” he  “Yeah, it’s Parsa from the southwest, she’s the teacher for the (later-grade students)  in the  school, that weird plain-jane one who hangs out now and then with Fatemeh  and her group in our faculty now and then. You should hear about the lengths she goes just to , what a little teachers’ pet!” They both chuckled at that “Not gonna lie though, I considered making do with her for a bit, before realizing all the others who’ve been sniffing up that tree, much less found their way up there” “Do they even find they way there, through all the ?” “You really want to know the truth? I have no idea” 
	While the guests opened the contents of their breasts and (poured goblets of overflowing ) for one another on that fair night, another pair of young men made their rounds through the Farrokhzad villa. If the guests weren’t too preoccupied with the night’s festivities, they would’ve noticed how drastically deadened their motions were in the face of such (exposing) light, like two cats moving toward their quarry behind the plush sofas . There were no words between the two or with the others for their entire (time) inside the house, as there would have been in forced reassuring phrases had either one had a thing to say about his life’s (barren) banality like everyone else. No part belonging to either of them had a mind to the music. One was constantly watching the other as they both watched the crowd with their own guarded contempt. Their heads carried conditioner-white halos unbroken by (hair products) upon the reflection point for their straight, primly-combed hair, and their beards were notably less manicured than those of the young men around them, as if they’d been neglected for other pressing matters, a notion which wouldn’t have seemed as foreign to  had they made a single effort to listen to the calls of their (elders); each had eyes which seemed oversized compared to their gaunt statures, opaque as warmly-jaundiced pearls with fine veins of  vermillion which would have emanated their (austere)  to these prospects of the country had the ambience in the room not been taken over by all those (troublesome) hues mixing together with no regard. They were dreamy in their own way, serene from their internal (dialogue) and nonchalant with the few wayward glances offered to them. Furrowed foreheads inclined those exposed parts of their faces into their persons instead, ready to  the whenever their (handler) told them to be there. Instead, matte and ashen shone these choice skins of the nation, ready to be ruptured or held inside themselves to be opened for the offering of the entire vintage during feast time. They dressed in black, all black, appearing to erase the efforts of their peers under the blacklight as didn’t even have any complimentaries to reflect from it… shirts of coarse black cotton
	“Guess we can’t talk shit, huh… These are the people who’ve been dipping into their funds to make everything going on lately happen” The crowd nodded in consensus for the overall situation. Farhad had often remarked how those around Asif seemed to be taken in by this wrestlers’ grip of and would crane ever closer to . Jaded young men were a dime a dozen up here “it’s time we figured out the places where one can speak to their full wit and capacity, somewhere that can’t be tracked by (them)” “We need more diaspora to come in from the West, who have experience in such matters to help educate us on evolving institutions”
	“Our turn has come to take the torch, we can’t be mourning the martyrs forever longer, as our fathers have done” “With the way the world has seen us on the news, they believe we are all in mourning, even as live men; they almost sounded sincere when they expressed their wish to take the victims’ place in that shot-down plane” “That’s rich coming from them, when processions pour down () avenue with the death of the latest pig who benefitted them and took his  to the grave” “like those bazaari wives living large over there in Darrous, prayer beads in one hand, a gnarled fist holding together their chador and exposing their condescending mouths to those poor steelers in the market with the other” “nonsense, they take the vanguard to Karbala so they can pay its ” “speaking of a  and his (bitch), look what we have going on over there…”


III

	A distressed (lad) interrupted this meeting of minds taking place, telling everyone around to hide anything incriminating. The urgency of this warning brought the attention of the guests (as the shards of a vase do when it gets knocked off its table), the first ones responding having been veterans of the performance soon to come for many a celebration, who attended to their contingencies with the air of a well-practiced drill. The ladies in the dispersing crowd clamored for their modest leather jackets, where their head coverings were presumably hidden in one pocket or another; those who did not possess such prudence made their way outside to get the interrogation over with, where the threat was strangely absent. It wasn't until all these measures were furious in being taken that their hosts made a formal announcement, confirming their lookouts' (warnings) at their posts in apartments outside the villa's subdivision to  The party's bartenders quickly disassembled their elaborate setup, threw all their rare liquors unceremoniously into instant-noodle meal boxes, and carried off their contents to a premeditated hiding-place in the villa's basement; any trace of intoxication was mitigated by the the wise by setting their gaze and practiced jaws into blank docility. As the guests downstairs began to find their own places inside the villa and practice their alibis, a few of the considerate swiftly made their rounds upstairs to break apart friends and their (admirers) in embrace or more on either side of its hallway, the boys wiping their faces of lipstick and the girls readjusting their blouses. Owing to the jumble of wires and the bulkiness of their equipment, the musicians had the worst lot of them all; the whole setup would prove too cumbersome to disassemble once they shut off their mix, so the keyboard player threw a blanket over their entire setup as a last resort. No drab uniforms had broken through the designer colors in the main salon, and no unit-emblazoned berets or flat-billed, olive-green baseball caps were counted among the bare heads of the waiting (). The topiary in the garden off the back patio remained unseparated, and the metal gate did not stand ajar or lay breached. No warnings issued forth through the garden's procession of (scouts), the siren-free tranquility of the night was broken by nothing but the their own anticipation...  It wasn't until the entire party was thrown into fracas that the cause was fully (came to light): a single individual, a sage (figure), was coming.  in his steady stride betrayed his deliberate nature, his coarse-white robes (seemed) periwinkle by the pathway lighting
	As the clamor from a celebrating room where two great colleagues who diverged in respective fields of study reunite once again in common purpose, so did silence and suspense occupy (Farrokhzad’s) partygoers in the midst of Hojatoleslam () and the night’s scheduled headliner. The former’s face approaching from the door carried the (waxy) virility of the withered petals he himself observed on his own writing-desk, his entrance trailed in (understated) tow by ascetic brown outer cloaks and capped by a neatly wound snow-white turban covering his scraggly scalp, having used these purified vestments to weather decades of smut smeared about the halls of Qom’s great seminary, the main training center for the priestly class in all the realm, and paint his own (role) in his characteristic pale (pen) as the steadfast rock of Abadan’s redoubts. His face carried a tired, persecuted love, one he hoped to be heaven-bound to be understood and emulated by the (chosen), for the youth he had sought so earnestly to awaken into his Lord’s embrace had made off to the alleyways and the rooftops, (immaculate) sepulchers under chafing civic compromise. The features of his young counterpart (loomed) flared and solemn as an Olmec colossus in its thickets’ shade, cast and commemorated in the tale of a story already written, done up in a changing hue of jade he’d painted himself for the style of the predominant iteration. His cherubic (beholdance) had focused into  Even at such a  juncture, Ghazil’s gaze carried not the fear or contempt for this (rose-bloomed-from-barbed-wire) shared by his companions, as he read from his script the (attempt at  genuine altruism) on his (nemesis’ part)… it was as if an elder had come to guide his young king through the sadness of a passing spring. Following the shock of seeing these two unperturbed antitheses pass their hostilities and actually engage each other, whispered inquiries naturally began to circulate as to why the good cleric had come alone, without the doting entourage expected of a man in his station… how had this one piercing ray of scrutiny found its way past the droopiness the weight of their parents’ prestige and surnames had put on the eyes of their priests as a whole? Had he any understanding for the travails of the young? What could he possibly care for his children’s fecundity save to make it his regime’s own again?
	“As-salaam alikoum,” “Wa alikoum as-salaam, ya sayeedi, rahmat ul-lahi wa burakatu.” “Not so long ago, students of mine told me this is where you have been staying” “Is it presumptuous of me to deduce from your current surroundings that you have no mandate to cohabit with your (mate)? Strange this may be, seeing that I was also informed you have abnormal knowledge of affairs in our community…” The crowd cringed at the thought of the weasel-faced scoundrel who would sacrifice his dignity as a free-thinking man to be an informant for a godly apparatus supposed to operate on an authority which already knew all that was hidden and extant. “We will get to that later; I am here to ascertain your place of origin, for your Persian accent is far too rigid and formal to be organically acquired.” “I hail from west of here, your eminence, a (painted) desert whence I emerged as cloistered as the  (balcony) from where I have exited for this occasion. I have no papers denoting my affiliation with any nation or personal identity, because I have eschewed these things, in favor of a more appropriate alias. And it would also please the gentleman to know that no relations of any kind have been practiced with the young lady, save audio transactions in a group setting which may be verified by all present, if such an effort is necessary. I intend to walk hand-in-hand with the benevolent state.” “I find it implausible that ” “I” “Well, and for what other reason else does the institution of marriage exist? Is the ummah not one people, the choicest among those of the world? (Samad)  as you are against ulterior thought, of any temporal power, I state again, as a Muslim, my desire to wed this woman, as surely as I wish the nur of wudu’ to illumine the appendages of my body for the Day of Judgment,” “If I could remember correctly sir, . Need you any superior’s assent for a divine duty as this, one assumed after even perhaps the second year of a long study?” “As my time in this place is temporary, so too must my own commitment be; therefore, with guidance from God, I seek a sigheh contract from you this very night.” Hushed astonishment filled the main room, for none would dare involve themselves in such a humiliating arrangement; temporary marriage was the realm of the disaffected, the bumpkins, prostitutes, and old widows among Iran’s less fortunate. It was often the butt of jokes among them . No aristocrat would find themselves a victim of such an affliction!
	The old cleric (furrowed his brows in contemplation at this extraordinary request)… it shouldn't have been so, for nothing this young man had asked for was truly . This request was the home of those one would probably consider as the base of ; besides, the rich always had their playthings to toy with, unless they were some humble  were (illicitly) blessed with a stroke of good fortune for his enterprise. Besides, as the bewildered looks of his fellow guests betrayed to him, for had not his own institution campaigned vehemently for this type of union as a solution to the recent epidemic of ne’er-do-wells and spinsters lobbing their bitterness throughout Iran’s cyberspace? “To the fair among my bride and her (forced) maidens, let the menfolk prepare your (predicament’s antidote), with full cooperation of its permitting authority. Wait no more my lovelies, bring the effects of union!” Ghazil uttered on the cusp of his ‘s assent. The hardier of Parsa’s attendants struggled under the weight of the plate-glass mirror they had lifted from the sister’s (bedroom), with the instability of its approaching image an appropriate camera capturing the changing mood in the assembly . The crowd began to gather around the . The bride made her own (shocked) approach to her (groom’s) feet, her upturned eyes catching the incandescence shown into the room through its natural switched on at its intrusion ; she had never thought a man would be bold enough to (commit) himself in such a manner, in so bold attire . Working to maintain his professionalism through the extraordinary turn of events, Hojatoleslam () recalled that catechism prepared for such an occasion and rattled off thusly: “What are your names, my children?” “Ghazy Loon,” “Parsa Lotfani,” . “Parsa, there is a delicate query I must make of you; this can be made in private, or would you permit me to ask it amongst all this company?” “Ask me what you like, I have nothing to hide” “I must ask you then, strictly as a formality: are you a virgin as of this union? As you might not be aware, you may not enter into this contract if this is not the case” “No,” “Likewise for me,” “Very well, let’s continue. ” “Alas, I have no money to give her as dowry; thus, in accordance with prophetic tradition, I offer my services in teaching my bride the language of the Holy Quran, as well as the worth of my library, all my own attire, and its associated contents, for this is now all to which I claim ownership in this life” “Is this acceptable to you, my dear?” “More than anything,” (Upon hearing this assent), Ghazil reached into his (frock) and pulled out a florid (wave) of textile and held it out to its utmost extent. Parsa could hardly feel this finest of silks forming a sheer spool around her spindly fingers  almost slipping out of her hands, and that the lack of hemming on its fringes betrayed its handmade nature; this was the finest textile she had ever handled, an sight nearly unseen in the local bazaars. “My son, what is the time you wish allotted to this union?” Ghazil contemplated the  “Forty days is appropriate for a relation such as ours,” “Is this agreeable to you, Parsa? Remember that when this period is over, you must wait until twice your natural cycle’s completion to strike such a contract with another man” “Yes, it is” The two newlyweds nodded to each other in warm agreement “So it is settled… by the authority vested in me by the fuqaha’ of the Islamic Republic of Iran, the successors of the Imams, radiullah ‘anhum, and in witness to God, you are now wedded, husband and wife; fulfill your obligations toward one another, and accept as righteous children of Adam the responsibility of any circumstance which results from this union” “”
	Every guest in the room had seen how their (self-appointed leader) used justice in his own name, a justice from a (true) heart that no authority could easily (manipulate) “My fellow (revelers), what else are we here to do, except to know each other? Why shan’t we take the example of this holy man and stand (justified) in the eyes of our Creator? Why should we not hold his duly appointed office to account by performing its functions to serve our own? Is this beyond the scope of your capability, (your holiness)?” “I won’t resolve to complicate any attempt you make to draw closer to the Straight Path, my children; my actions are at the mercy of your own sincere resolve” jubilation took over the  “Come now, find your mate and let us bond in solemn, temporary matrimony, one to one another, in a contract only an act of God can compromise,” he shouted with the authority of a young sovereign (in some game). (finally), the women drew near to their beaus . A (fervor) of true civic compromise, no longer subjugation unspoken and uneven, had excited their souls into hope once more for their own agency. The formed suitors then formed an orderly line in front of the cleric, ready to be paired off, and according to custom, the ones greater in stature took their own places in closer proximity to the (first couple); well, something different really would happen this magical night, for the tyrant had decided to let his (children) manipulate the bounds of holy law in the same manner as his own colleagues. In a renewed spirit of victory, they formed a passionate unison on either side of the main room at the repeated interview their justice presented them, for their consent was their protest, one this official, for whatever reason, had finally taken to heart. “I thank you, o man of God, and may your Sponsor grant you safe return to your lodgings” He silently nodded his assent, shaking Ghazil’s hand, softly placing his outstretched hand on his chest, then making his way to the door.  “My friends, be sure not to let this gentleman leave our premises empty-handed, for he has been sagacious in his office; look how his () nature has made well-guarded, oath-bound spouses of us all! Be sure to place a few thousand toman into his hands for his services, and bid him farewell. As newlyweds, we must celebrate tonight, for the fortune of our . May we set out as before to the Alborz’s (high passes), and let’s hail the twilight’s remaining hours!” An ovation ensued, with cash of coin and bills thrown at the cleric’s departing feet in joyous libation, with genuine blessings uttered on all sides of him, collected and handed to him by Parsa’s attendants, wiped clean of all grime inside his (wool) satchel and scented with his own (sandalwood) perfume [the money he received for this halal service was greater than any fine the state could impose on them, causing confusion]. 
	With the good mullah’s dignified exit to his cell, (spending the night in prostration over the course of his own judgment) and no further retribution for their pact received in either the (Farroukhzad’s) property or created and hidden in the streets outside, the majority of the crowd took their long jackets and made their way to their vehicles. Ghazil took his new wife into his makeshift suite upstairs to “Now dear, before we , we need to discuss what occurs in these next few hours.” “For tonight, I ask you to remain here; as you know, I cannot sleep in your arms tonight, though I can be with you for now. Are your parents back from their business yet?” “” “Very well, then God willing, I ask you as your husband to return to your childhood house in Arak. Once I finish here, I shall take the bus to you, that is, unless one of our new friends should be kind enough to take me, even for the three-hour ride there; together, we shall break the news of our marriage to them upon their arrival. ” “I have much that I need to fulfill for tonight’s performance, things which may not make sense to you as to why you must stay away; despite this, I promise you that I will make it clearer what has been needed from me, for it is more than you know. Don’t be despairing of our lack of contact over this past week and for tonight, for it will be made abundantly clear to you in due time. Once I am in your quarters again, I will reveal certain things to you . For now, I ask that you accept the gift of my silk scarf, delete any chat archives where either of us are included together on WhatsApp, and ensure any photographs you have received of me are physically saved off your phone or any device able to access the Internet, then delete the originals from both the chat and its archive as well. Like the (justice) who wed us and everyone in that villa, you will find out soon truly from whence I come.” With this, he placed his hand with no (barrier) for the first time upon the burning cheek of his rightful beloved. Needless to say, the mutually-smitten newlyweds found solace in their (final) dusk’s arrival together, speaking that secret dialogue composed in copious couplets, the kind which conceives heroes. 
	As planned, after the (wealthier) of them returned to their houses to put on more outfits more conducive to movement and warmer weather, the convoy headed east down Babaei Highway, onto Route 5, on the rest of the way to its eastern terminus in Pardis. Once past the series of officers’ training areas and regime sporting complexes and out of Tehran’s direct environs, not much marked the passage to this area, apart from a run-down bus depot, a concrete bridge over a shallow, polluted stream, and a large industrial town for makers of furniture, household materials, and shoes. The core of Pardis, Iran’s attempt at a modern satellite city to siphon the destitute and the enterprising from its overcrowded capital, stood off in the distance front of the travelers  of the dusty hills ; once past the toll booths, one could see that the city had been planned in phases, with the national university’s local branch and a technology center built there as its main purpose, to house the entrepreneurial spirit hoped for in young Iranians, on the road’s right side going eastbound and easily identifiable by its (ritzy) office complexes and impeccable, the (gleaming) tops of which one could barely see over the other industrial center, along with rich green landscaping. Across the freeway, the main residential areas of the city were grouped in the first several phases ,  while a few (pensive) students quietly performed their post-prayer recitations under the stars shown to them through the glass ceiling while spending a few nights at the central mosque in i‘tikaaf, their bedrolls settled in the walls around its main room, the center of which lay five unknown martyrs in an indoor cupola, with a marble fountain inside. of course, this was not the part of the hollow city they had come to see.  Khaki stood the (vacant) towers in Phase 11, grouped in clusters terraced on the Alborz foothills The youth of this strange complex, forced by necessity to be craftsmen, vendors, and (), came to help out; however, though lower in their social stratum, they felt a solidarity for their current clients, for just like these partygoers realized they were burdens to their parents , they had zealously been given life themselves as surplus children to carry on ideals long slaughtered in their parents decades ago, deceived once more by their state’s call to cheaper accommodations in the name of egalitarianism, a world where faithfulness formed the axis of their population’s spectrum . Yes, they would be safe in these foothills, for almost as if their lives’ planners had turned away in embarrassment at what contradiction they had wrought, those stewards were nowhere that night to be found, . Now that their wages for the month had been deposited in full,  That’s how they picked the place really, the desolate hills behind Phase 11, ridges surrounded by a two-mile radius of nothingness, much farther than any honest lawman would traverse in his beat, much less when his pockets were unweighted by a (bribe). As one convoy came the common road eastward, another one consisting of box trucks and pickups, carriers of the gas generators, the last of the lighting, and audio equipment, passed the , two cars at a time and deliberately mixed what little traffic snaked around the vast Varjin reserves, around the last remaining hundred-family villages in true form not yet swallowed by the metropolis below, all circling around the regime-guarded dam hemming the Jajrud. Once past Niknam Deh, with cooperation from the owner of pistachio orchards south of the village, using his dirt surveying roads to reach . This was truly the most daring rave yet erected, with hidden among ridges of various hills; . At 2500 meters, the area’s peak  two and a half miles northeast of Phase 11, its south-facing concavity shielding any of its (sublets) from visibility on any side, and formidable enough to discourage any serious inquiry from what remained of the dam’s night patrol up the slope from its (rover road). At any rate, a shift of three lookouts were to be posted at the area’s peak, with the escape route delineated by neon yellow spray-painted markers down its draws back into Phase 11 and an alternate route in pink markers toward Rasanan . The engineers drove their way around the right hill of the saddle immediately north of Phase 11 toward their destination by motorcycle, already in view of the previous day’s construction; from there, one could see all the industrial concerns in their (banality) . Throughout the recent evening, three other young men had been leveling the ground inside the draw for the erection of a 6x5-meter span stage truss, complete with elevated platform. A stage light set procured from an old film studio had been hung and tested in preparation for the partygoer’s arrival, in an arrangement upon which the Farrokhzads and their headliners had agreed upon (two) weeks prior . Three lights shone toward the stage from each (direction), one on each truss’ side.
	Skirting the slope of that medium mountain, the partygoers made their slow trip upward from Pardis below in full regalia, like chosen pilgrims toward (a fountain of youth); his new lords in , some of their ladies in wide-brimmed sun hats and transparent veils. They needed their outerwear at this moment;  these articles would be cast aside so refreshingly once their bodies frigid from (uninsulated desert) caught up with their excitement . Utter nightfall came, and with it a new medley from the speaker system, a jaunty electro mix set to (Western)-dominant samples , this time more lively in tempo and effervescent in scale, for there were no dense apartment blocks in these parts to echo any pretense to serene introspection for this music; a  true to their ancestral character rang true among their hills, away from that tame  punishable by () chastisement. The fire dancers requisite for such a rave took their places among the audience, gyrating in their hoops’ embraces. Movement was far less restricted now, with marijuana smoke filling the air and trays of bamieh, saffron confections infused with amber hash oil, making their rounds with the guests, free of charge. As the night began to assert itself . Although they loved dancing to wake the somber city below, they still mutely wondered: why had this this semi-exposed locale been selected for them? It made no difference now, for life was all that concerned them at this juncture
	There he was,  with his retinue! So that’s what he was, a (piper)! Yellow headdress by a (headband) of braided red and green twine  . What a shame such an event would remain only for posterity to see; . the headdress billowing about his neck and over his shoulders, the  knot of his long scarf closing the thick mane around his bare face and over his neck, his torso looking all the more strapping in a milk-white leather cuirass, tanned from one of the . His figure started bopping at first to the existing rhythm, which gave way to  sliding on only the black socks on his nimble feet. The figure seemed all the more solitary as he floated away from the other dancers on stage. He had no need to pique the crowd with choreography; the  was sufficient. The low filter muffled the bass bump so only sonorant trebles could be heard from the noise; this moment is when Ghazil intercepted the melody into a soft crooned arpeggio, after which he introduced the semitones characteristic of a () dastgah, a most  mode of melody, the most exquisite panegyric…  he abruptly threw down his fists matching to his bishop sleeves’ swaying, The crowd had risen to a fever pitch at this point in the performance as the stage lights caught the area behind his neck and illuminated his entire figure.  He seized the microphone stand’s base in a fit of triumph and climbed the stack of amplifiers, throwing out his chest and lifting it over his head with one tightened arm like a drawn sword, its neck emanating a violet aura from its parallel orientation to the floor. Ovation and shrieks of joy came … all their angst had been vindicated by a single gesture, one which strangely resonated with all those in attendance . All pretensions and preening was lost now in the partygoers, who began to lose their own senses of standing with ecstasy. The last lust in his body was giving way to attention now, and his face regained its gravity from which it had operated for so long ! Hands began to grip the stage’s edge, fists rapping upon it, palms opening toward its towering pinnacle
	Meanwhile, a lone () in the crowd felt this (resonation). A deliberate vector of movement had borne itself between the pockets of rhythmic flesh; (visceral) black, red, and green stood they among peals of pastel color: one of the pitch-eyed boys, who had peeled off his companion in the town below as the ceremony began  slinked. His companion joined those of the night sigil in the city’s shrine below to prepare them for what matters lay ahead. He was taken aback for a moment with his peers’ insanity  if a conscious observer had taken the time to stare into look back into this (unaware) crowd, they’d have (caught) his eyes during that moment of decision, he could see their folly igniting the scant apple-green staining his activated irises lining the widening pupils capturing his options for him… Heresy! Treachery at the hands of these ungrateful hedonists, with no redeeming outlet no matter how many were given them!  a fresh lily-white linen headband inscribed “ay shir-e-khoda” in red broad-tipped marker on its front in calligraphy. He had drawn it by his own hand the day before. Clad in his pure armor, the remains of the stage light remaining to shine upon him reflected a glint of his own: the tip of the iron sights on a service pistol, a SIG Sauer P226 variant domestically-manufactured, the standard issue for the pasdaran, the members of the Revolutionary Guard. For a moment, he paused from assuming an aiming position. All the leaves of this cankered tree had to do were disperse in preparation for their plot’s felling, not ; therefore, his adversary needed not take a fatal blow . He knew it wasn’t a physical , but the semblance of false revolution, to tame the beasts who had made even his  buckle in delusion to their demands. His was a tried generation who needed the help of its steady progeny. He had a fair shot to this demon’s entrails, based on his target skills honed beforehand
	Ghazil was at the   his cuirass cratered inwards at the resolution of the boy’s decision; the hero was struck! crimson blacker than the floorboards serving as its sluice, and yellowish-green bile  from his pierced liver  Ghazil fell on all fours, lurching slowly forward when he clutched his fresh wound; his headdress flittered to the floor as it got caught under his knees, exposing the calf’s horns which had remained tied to his head from the reception… () swathes fluttering with grace had been transmogrified into a writhing (beast) whose rippling flesh was barely contained in its fabric. No more was his an impotent corpse which lay ripe for self-caused metastasis , nor did (that atop) his neck fear the  of a serrated knife as of which he had been afraid in his lives past! This was an insurmountable (slab) of flesh bearing an unstoppable piercing claw, for what has seemed an eternity to most of the sages. For this similarly infinite moment, these two (determined) faces beheld each other, the performer’s earnest but (triumphant) met his, turning the latter’s agape dismay into a tight jaw, clenched in determination, a congruent level of purpose (Glint in Ghazil’s broadcasted itself into his oval ocular chambers, his weapon’s unpainted muzzle sights demonstrating to his counterpart who alone paid attention, all shone from this oppressive, artificial light). Ghazil had found his tranquility for his imaginative powers now, past any agents of his own body would secrete to dull the senses of this physical trauma. Yet the music played on amidst the carnage, for its composers having fled already toward their  glowing escape lights
	At long last, Ghazil’s arms gave out beneath him; there was no need to behold the scene anymore, because a die of some sort so willed had finally been cast. Woe,  had been compromised! His assassin’s stare with him was only broken as the latter’s body was tackled from behind to the ground. (Asif) emerged against fleeing (), away from his own obscurity to pounce upon the firer, deftly twisting the lad’s arms into a solid pin and relieving him of his firearm. Terror kept him fastened to his spot while Asif’s shadow loomed over him ever larger. “Get on your knees, you self-righteous bastard!” While  played out, three of the night’s more intrepid participants, two guests with their picnic blanket and one lookout, climbed onto the vacated stage. One of the guests tore a few strips from his dress shirt to tie him into the stretcher and to tie around his torso as a pressure bandage, pouring a bottle of vodka onto the wound to disinfect it; afterwards, they moved Ghazil onto the blanket, one grabbing its corners at his legs, the other the ones near his head, with the lookout driving his four-wheeler up to pick up his unconscious body. With a man sitting on both the front and rear racks holding the improvised stretcher tight rushed northward down the hillside toward the pistachio farm, leaving the other three men alone to decide their own fates. Asif was not a man for dramatic suspense, and his disgust with the  did not assist him in entertaining any notion of mercy for this fanatic caught in the act. He fired a bullet into the assassin’s skull with a curt decisiveness, leaving him lifeless in doubled-up prostration.  “My God Asif, you killed him! Why the hell did you do that?” For a meeting moment, he racked his brain for the formal reason which hadn’t seemed pertinent until now. He scoffed at himself for wringing his hands and poring over the rules of engagement like , looking for a corroborate his fatwa. “You saw what he did to that poor kid writhing in his own blood up on that stage! Do you think for a moment that he deserves to be called a human being? They’re bloodthirsty primates, all of them. ” “Someone needs to do something, and you know it, man. Are you with me or not? Make it clear right now, because you can leave in a separate car if you want.” “Good then, it’s long been time,” “You and I both know all too well why this cur showed his face here, through all these years, since you and I were barely adolescents. Knowing how those basiji operate, I bet he has a buddy down in Pardis, ready to act on any orders their superiors give them. I have . Well, the truce has been broken for sure now. Tell your friends up in Niavaran to lock up all their compounds, because those guys the ones they’re going after tonight… also knowing them and what I’ve seen done near where I live, they’re going to want a body in exchange for this one, either by death or torture.” “Wait a minute now; you don’t really think they’ll react that way, do you? ” “Think of all , we’ve given (fate) enough chances to change for the better. We’re almost in our fucking thirties Farhad, not far from being middle-aged, spent men. How could you possibly accept death now, unless you know you’ve done something to better your lot in this life? There’s no turning back now, and there shouldn’t be anyway.” “That’s a far easier thing to think about right now, the guys at my zurkhaneh and I have been getting ready for this, since they burned down the apartment complex next to us last protest. In the meantime, get on the damned phone with everyone you know on Telegram, now. Tell your friends to take out their liquor stash, all of it, because any glass bottles they have need to be poured out so they can be turned into petrol bombs. They should get sheets of their beds and cut them up into strips to use for fuses, as well as for bandages and tourniquets. If there are more than three people in one compound, they need to get a twenty-four hour shift schedule so someone can alert the place when shit hits the fan. They need to park their cars in front of their doors as barricades. ready If they have any friends that do armed security over there, they need to get in touch with them, now. My friends have a few rifles” “You okay, man? Just calm down and let adrenaline take over; we can finally live! Let’s go, back to the city!” One of the pistachio farmer’s delivery vans could be seen off in the distance . A policeman at  toll station waved at the delivery driver as usual for the morning of market day, although its driver was not one he was accustomed to seeing and it was earlier than expected; this was because it was one of Ghazil’s rescuers, with the other two in the back, having paid the old man a sizable sum for an escape vehicle since the one for which they were waiting had too many people waiting on them, not to mention they had a medical emergency on their hands.  for market day  it sped off northwards, alone in morning stillness, and ultimately past the Latyan checkpoint, taking the road to Mazandaran, route through Varjin Park to Shemshak Road, past the out-of-season skiing resorts. Because the two guests had stashed their cellphones inside their hosts’ cousin’s house in Lavasan for security considerations, their lookout was the only one of them who actually had his own. Since he could only afford cheap prepaid minutes on a carrier service with a restricted network, they were driving through a zone with no coverage, because the loftier peaks cut them off from any large city’s towers; however, ascertaining the direction of their escape was of little issue, for this same (person) remembered a distant relative who would accommodate them the mountains  On the road to Chalus, the van with its martyr barely breathing eventually made its way to the village of Marzabad, a town so dead at its hour that the few men making up its morning patrol holed themselves up in their favorite cafe with hot coffee and ; while stopping for gas was too risky, one of the passengers recalled seeing a small clinic on its main strip’s northbound stretch during one of his spring outings; they tracked it down by its lights, as aside from a few petrol stops and one truckstop, theirs were the only windows alight for twenty-four hour service; it was an unassuming square building, one they would have missed otherwise. One of the guests and the lookout trawled for about twenty minutes through its parking lot until they found a young orderly taking a cigarette break from a shift bereft of urgent patients near the clinic’s rear. Having little choice in their affair, they approached him asked for secret assistance, showing him enough for an entire month of his wages in cash, telling him to bring extra bandages, a resuscitator, and trauma-tarting drugs for a gunshot wound.  to which he assented out of a need for provisions and salvation to a real-life story from the drudgery in binging comedies out of boredom. After the four travelers continued away from civilization, the orderly took Ghazils vital signs. He unraveled the bloody rag around his torso, unfastened his cuirass, took out his trauma scissors, and methodically cut the shirt underneath, after which one of the partygoers had the idea to take a quick picture of him to show his wound for future verification of his identity for the world and to prove he was alive and well. After this was done, the orderly pushed aside all the scarves and other accessories hanging around his neck to treat the wound. Once Ghazil’s pulse was demonstrated to be stable, the four of them breathed deep sighs of relief and continued on their way through the dawn, swollen with (triumph) that the discontented of Iran had a new living martyr on their side, one who's whereabouts had never been known to the authorities. No matter how bad the coming rage would display itself in their nation’s streets, one figure could now not be taken



	
